The web design trend that I hate the most is the one where designers decite to limit the amount of horizontal space the page can use for literally no reason. So much space on my screen just being wasted by pointless margins. My screen's not even big, it's just a crappy 1366x768 laptop screen. Someone needs to solve this. Lukily, I'm someone.

So, I initially made this wondering whether it would even work or not, given my complete lack of knowledge in the field of userscripts. Turns out, it did. Decided to share it, because why not? Gets rid of the arbitrary margins like magic, given your site is one of the lucky few supported ones. Supports a bunch of random websites, many of which I don't even use. Usually the process goes that I stumble upon a new website, notice an arbitrary margin and spend the next five minutes getting sidetracked into removing it. Most of the time it's as simple as taking that little CSS snipet that says "width=1280px" and unsetting it.Of course, not every site is that simple, so you can often take that "five minutes" and multiply it by a factor of ten or more. I still have nightmares about <a href=https://github.com/poudink/margin-remover/blob/d512b785321e02505b23d6ba7b184b3442891158/MarginRemover.user.js#L307>MyAnimeList</a>.

Right now, this is basically just a learning project for me. Teaching myself a tiny bit of web stuff. Just dipping my toes, really. If I can eventually get this good enough so I can drop the "awful" from the description and become a plain decent website margin remover, I'll be happy.<br>
The flipside of that, of course, is that right now I have no clue what I'm doing. Prior to this, I knew a tiny bit of CSS, a tiny bit of HTML and absolutely no JavaScript. Right now, I'm only marginally better. Because of this, you'll notice a whole bunch of TODO comments inside the script, all for things that I just don't really know how to do yet. If you have any advice to give me so I can improve this script, please share away. If you have any website you'd like to add, feel free to open a pull request. If you have any website you'd like me to add, open an issue and I'll probably look into it. That's about it for now. Enjoy the script.
